1) What is String in java? What  do you mean by mutability and immutability?

String is a built-in java class which is under java lang package and string is immutable.
(a) Everything that is written in string is an object for the java. 
(b) Two ways to make a string is 
  (i) With new keyword : String str = new String (“Hello”) ; 
    It makes object in 2 places SCP and in Heap Memory.
  (ii)	With String Literal : String str = “Hello “ ;
    It makes object in only 1 place in scp 
(c) When we modify a String , java (in background ) creates a new object ,rather then modifying it.


2) What is diffenence b/w String , SrtingBuffer and StringBuilder?
Explain with example.

String : String is a Final and Immutable class.

SrtingBuffer: SrtingBuffer is mutable and thread safe class of java
              it is Slower. 
StringBuilder:StringBuilder is a mutable and not thread safe class of java.
              it is faster .
3) What is difference b/w == operator and String class equals() method?

( == ) , operator is used to check whether the 2 strings are sharing same memory location or having different memory location .  (eg. : a == b )

.equals() method is a string class method , that is used to check whether 2 strings are having same data or not . ( eg : sc = a.equals(b))
(a)	If it returns 0; that means the values of 2 strings are same .
(b) if it returns a +ve value that means "a" is greater  (as per example)
(c) if it returns a -ve value that means "b" is greater (as per exaple)


4) How many ways to initialize String  in java? Explain role of String literal pool.
There are 2 ways to initilize a atring in java.
(a) by new keyword , String a = new String ("hello");
(b) by method , String b = " welcome " ;


5) Write a java program to reverse each word of String.
	Sample Input: “Java Is Plateform Independent”
	Output: “avaJ sI mrofetalP tnednepednI”



6) Write a java program to find all possible palindrom of given String.
	Sample Input: “aaabbbacccababacccaabb”


7)WAP to remove the duplicate letters from given String.
	Sample Input: “aabbccddd”
	Output: “abcd”


8) WAP to find out total occurrence of each letter in string.
	 Sample Input: “aabbccddd”
	 Output:   a- 2 times
			b- 2 times
			c- 2 times
			d- 3 times



9) WAP to find word of maximum length in given String.
	Sample Input: “Dear Student ,You have need to work hard”
`	Output: “Student”


10) WAP to count the word whose first letter is  vowel.


11) Input name of a person and count how many vowels it contains. Use String class methods.


12) Input data exactly in the following format, and print sum of all integer values.
	Sample Input: “67, 89, 23, 67, 12, 55, 66”. (Hint use String class split method and Integer class parseInt method)


13)WAP check if two Strings are anagrams of each other?
(Hint Anagram words: LISTEN - SILENT 
				  TRIANGLE - INTEGRAL)



14) WAP check if a String contains only digits?


